in 1968 another organization was formed
it was called the Club of Rome
interesting group the Club of Rome is
sort of an egalitarian group aimed at
unity and solidarity in Europe the Club
of Rome hopes to unify the entire globe
and they have a report entitled
regionalised
and adaptive model for global world
system it actually divides the world the
entire globe into ten political economic
regions their stated goal is a one-world
government and a new world order the
Club of Rome was formed in 1968 it
didn't make it on the map until 1972 it
had a publication called limits to
growth it was sort of an environmental
treaties that would limit growth of
developed nations independent countries
that are strong are a real hindrance to
globalism so much so that the
environmental movement was aimed at
undermining the United States a word
about the global warming issue first of
all I realized that there are people
from different political cloths
represented here today this is a fact a
thousand years ago it was warmer on
planet Earth than it is today
undisputable the Middle Ages were warmer
than it is now
800 years ago temperatures were higher
in what was called the Medieval Warm
Period over the next few centuries it
got colder 400 years ago we experienced
something called the Little Ice Age when
temperatures were much colder than it is
today and then over the last 100 years
the earth has warmed but not because of
human activity it's because of the Sun
how do we know this well the polar ice
caps on Mars are melting and they have
no SUVs there imagine that imagine that
see the increase of carbon dioxide on
earth is not causative as Al Gore would
have you believe but as the result of
the increased activity of the Sun by the
way the greatest contributor of
greenhouse gas or hot air on the earth
is Al Gore
it's not true it's the ocean just just
the facts people please just the facts
the hotter the Sun is the more
greenhouse gas is emitted by the ocean
and so the increase in co2 in the
atmosphere is a result of a Sun that's
increasing in activity there were times
in the Earth's history when the carbon
dioxide levels co2 greenhouse gases were
10 times what they are today and so
don't let anybody tell you that your car
is causing global warming humans have no
ability the inconvenient truth for
religious environmentalists is that
humans are insignificant when it comes
to climate change here's something funny
of all the carbon dioxide that's
released into the atmosphere humans
contribute only 12% animals contribute
14% the activists are hoping to change
the diets of livestock to curb what they
feel is global warming flatulence and I
am not kidding you I'm not kidding you
they really believe the farts of cows
are driving this earth into a terrible
state read about it in the newspaper
Leonardo DiCaprio wants you all to
believe that we have dire consequences
the human race will become extinct on
the earth if we don't start riding
mopeds they want to stop and change the
diets of cows and horses professing to
be wise they became fools that would be
ironic wouldn't it if the
environmentalists all of the world said
we need to start eating cows eat
hamburgers to save the environment no of
course not
it's a religion is what it is it
worships mother earth Gaia in their mind
but that's another story altogether
climate control was actually born as a
catalyst by the Club of Rome for global
unity it grew into a political campaign
and then became an ideological bandwagon
whose primary goal whose primary goal is
to weaken the United States that's right
the United States stands in the way just
by being an independent nation
I'm not hailing the praises of the
United States I'm just saying that
as an independent nation it stands in
the way of global unity because
everything's supposed to be centralized
in Europe in the end and the whole Kyoto
Protocol that Bush wouldn't sign the
reason he wouldn't sign it is not
because the world is not getting warmer
because it is but it's not human beings
that are causing it it's just a fact the
reason is because Kyoto calls for the
punishment of the United States with
heavy penalties for emissions but it
exempts China which will have more
emissions than the US and two years it
exempts them completely it exempts
Brazil and India and other nations that
are pumping co2 in the environment but
that's not really even the issue as far
as a scientific standpoint goes in
effect what would happen is the United
States would become the primary
financial support for the United Nations
the United Nations would collect
billions of dollars in fines from the
United States while exempting all these
other developing nations essentially
crippling our economy weakening our
autonomy and paving the way for a last
days scenario where the United States
role is more of a supporting role than a
dominant role we don't take a lead role
in the last days and so the global
warming issue actually dates back to the
early 70s when the Club of Rome
published its book limits to growth
you